Body language around the world by Wang Lingling
Our new foreign students are going to arrive very soon and here are some ways to welcome them.
How close do you stand when you talk to a friend?
You can stand close to people in the Middle East but don't stand too close to North Americans.
Give them more personal space.
How about touching people?
Chinese girls often walk arm in arm with their friends.
South Americans sometimes hold your arm when they talk to you so you can't move away.
But in Britain many people don't like other people to touch them at all.
Do you look at people when you talk?
In some places it isn't polite to look at people when you talk.
But in other countries it isn't polite to look somewhere else.
In Britain and the US people usually look at each other when they talk.
And how do you say goodbye?
That's easy.
Wave to say goodbye.
But be careful.
In Greece it's not at all polite.
In fact it's very rude.